README.md, before:

# Resources To Learn Android Development

Link reference to learn build Apps on Android

## Kotlin
- [Android Announces Support for Kotlin - Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/05/android-announces-support-for-kotlin.html)
- [Why Kotlin - Dan Lew](http://blog.danlew.net/2017/05/17/why-kotlin/)
- [KOTLIN: UNCOVERED - PART 1 - Victoria Gonda](https://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2017/05/16/kotlin-uncovered-part-1)
- [KOTLIN: UNCOVERED - PART 2 - Victoria Gonda](https://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2017/05/19/kotlin-uncovered-part-2)
- [From Java to Kotlin - Fabiomsr](https://fabiomsr.github.io/from-java-to-kotlin/index.html)
- [Why you should totally switch to Kotlin - Magnus Vinther](https://medium.com/@magnus.chatt/why-you-should-totally-switch-to-kotlin-c7bbde9e10d5)
- [Reading Through Kotlin in Action - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/reading-through-kotlin-in-action-428111b051ce)
- [Kotlin in Action : Chapter 1, What and Why - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-1-what-and-why-9d2899560755)
- [Kotlin in Action : Chapter 2, Kotlin Basics - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-2-kotlin-basics-430a905ef4d8)
- [Kotlin in Action : Chapter 3, Defining and Calling Functions - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-3-defining-and-calling-functions-f96a87dd976b)
- [Kotlin in Action , Chapter 4 : Class, Objects and Interfaces - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-4-class-objects-and-interfaces-6b3b4f48eca)
- [Square Open Source ♥s Kotlin - Jake Wharton](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/square-open-source-loves-kotlin-c57c21710a17)
- [Rolling out @Nullable - Jesse Wilson](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/rolling-out-nullable-42dd823fbd89)
- [Non-null is the Default - Jesse Wilson](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/non-null-is-the-default-58ffc0bb9111)
- [An Optional’s place in Kotlin - Jake Wharton](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/an-optionals-place-in-kotlin-17d7b271eefe)
- [Kotlin’s a great language for JSON - Jesse Wilson](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/kotlins-a-great-language-for-json-fcd6ef99256b)
- [Generating Kotlin code with KotlinPoet - Jake Wharton](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/generating-kotlin-code-with-kotlinpoet-119dc20f74d4)

## Java

## Android Studio

### Announces
- [Android Studio 3.0 Canary 1 - Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/05/android-studio-3-0-canary1.html)

### Tips & Tricks
- [50 Android Studio Tips, Tricks & Resources you should be familiar with, as an Android Developer - Michal Bialas](https://medium.com/@mmbialas/50-android-studio-tips-tricks-resources-you-should-be-familiar-with-as-an-android-developer-af86e7cf56d2)
- [Android DTT #6 — Faster Code Completion - Ahmad Fadli Basyari](https://android.jlelse.eu/adtt-6-a-722c7b78dc91)
- [Android shortcuts and tricks to boost up your productivity! - Mladen Rakonjac](https://tech.fleka.me/android-shortcuts-and-tricks-to-boost-up-your-productivity-944548174582)
## Object Oriented Tips

### Java
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #1 The Art of Command Query Separation - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/oo-tricks-the-art-of-command-query-separation-9343e50a3de0)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #2 Law of Demeter - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-2-law-of-demeter-4ecc9becad85)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #3 Death By Arguments - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-3-death-by-arguments-d070ac86d996)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #4 Starter Pattern - Android Edition - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-4-starter-pattern-android-edition-1844e1a8522d)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #5 Boy Scout Rule - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-5-boy-scout-rule-cec82aea3b81)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #6 SLAP your functions - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-6-slap-your-functions-a13d25a7d994)

### Kotlin

## User Interface

### Java

### Kotlin

## Pattern

### Java

### Kotlin

## Architecture

### Java
- [Android and Architecture - Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/05/android-and-architecture.html)

### Kotlin

## Library & Plugin

### Java
- [The 30 Coolest Android Libraries from Spring 2017 - Michal Bialas](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/30-new-android-libraries-released-in-the-spring-of-2017-which-deserve-your-attention-faea359a1915)
- [Android Parcelables Made Easy - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/android-parcelables-made-easy-acb742bcf96b)

### Kotlin

## Database

### Java
- [Room  -  Getting Started - Tony Owen](https://medium.com/@tonyowen/a-room-with-a-view-getting-started-ec010f9f5448)

### Kotlin

## Networking

### Java

### Kotlin

## Android Things

- [Android Architecture Components meets AndroidThings - Blundell](http://blog.blundellapps.co.uk/android-architecture-components-meets-androidthings/)

## Reactive Programming

### Java

### Kotlin

## Library & Sample Source Code (Github)

### MVP (Model-View-Presenter) Pattern
- [[ Sample ] hello-mvp - quangctkm9207](https://github.com/quangctkm9207/hello-mvp)

### Android Architecture
- [[ Sample ] android-architecture-counter-sample - dlew](https://github.com/dlew/android-architecture-counter-sample)

### Kotlin
- [[ Library ] kotlinpoet - square](https://github.com/square/kotlinpoet)

Commit message:

add some link reference kotlin

README.md, after:

# Resources To Learn Android Development

Link reference to learn build Apps on Android

## Kotlin
- [Android Announces Support for Kotlin - Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/05/android-announces-support-for-kotlin.html)
- [Why Kotlin - Dan Lew](http://blog.danlew.net/2017/05/17/why-kotlin/)
- [KOTLIN: UNCOVERED - PART 1 - Victoria Gonda](https://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2017/05/16/kotlin-uncovered-part-1)
- [KOTLIN: UNCOVERED - PART 2 - Victoria Gonda](https://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2017/05/19/kotlin-uncovered-part-2)
- [From Java to Kotlin - Fabiomsr](https://fabiomsr.github.io/from-java-to-kotlin/index.html)
- [Why you should totally switch to Kotlin - Magnus Vinther](https://medium.com/@magnus.chatt/why-you-should-totally-switch-to-kotlin-c7bbde9e10d5)
- [Reading Through Kotlin in Action - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/reading-through-kotlin-in-action-428111b051ce)
- [Kotlin in Action : Chapter 1, What and Why - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-1-what-and-why-9d2899560755)
- [Kotlin in Action : Chapter 2, Kotlin Basics - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-2-kotlin-basics-430a905ef4d8)
- [Kotlin in Action : Chapter 3, Defining and Calling Functions - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-3-defining-and-calling-functions-f96a87dd976b)
- [Kotlin in Action , Chapter 4 : Class, Objects and Interfaces - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/kotlin-in-action-chapter-4-class-objects-and-interfaces-6b3b4f48eca)
- [Square Open Source ♥s Kotlin - Jake Wharton](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/square-open-source-loves-kotlin-c57c21710a17)
- [Rolling out @Nullable - Jesse Wilson](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/rolling-out-nullable-42dd823fbd89)
- [Non-null is the Default - Jesse Wilson](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/non-null-is-the-default-58ffc0bb9111)
- [An Optional’s place in Kotlin - Jake Wharton](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/an-optionals-place-in-kotlin-17d7b271eefe)
- [Kotlin’s a great language for JSON - Jesse Wilson](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/kotlins-a-great-language-for-json-fcd6ef99256b)
- [Generating Kotlin code with KotlinPoet - Jake Wharton](https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/generating-kotlin-code-with-kotlinpoet-119dc20f74d4)
- [Get Started with Kotlin on Android - Android Developers](https://developer.android.com/kotlin/get-started.html)
- [Resources To Learn Kotlin - Android Developers](https://developer.android.com/kotlin/resources.html)

## Java

## Android Studio

### Announces
- [Android Studio 3.0 Canary 1 - Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/05/android-studio-3-0-canary1.html)

### Tips & Tricks
- [50 Android Studio Tips, Tricks & Resources you should be familiar with, as an Android Developer - Michal Bialas](https://medium.com/@mmbialas/50-android-studio-tips-tricks-resources-you-should-be-familiar-with-as-an-android-developer-af86e7cf56d2)
- [Android DTT #6 — Faster Code Completion - Ahmad Fadli Basyari](https://android.jlelse.eu/adtt-6-a-722c7b78dc91)
- [Android shortcuts and tricks to boost up your productivity! - Mladen Rakonjac](https://tech.fleka.me/android-shortcuts-and-tricks-to-boost-up-your-productivity-944548174582)
## Object Oriented Tips

### Java
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #1 The Art of Command Query Separation - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/oo-tricks-the-art-of-command-query-separation-9343e50a3de0)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #2 Law of Demeter - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-2-law-of-demeter-4ecc9becad85)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #3 Death By Arguments - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-3-death-by-arguments-d070ac86d996)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #4 Starter Pattern - Android Edition - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-4-starter-pattern-android-edition-1844e1a8522d)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #5 Boy Scout Rule - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-5-boy-scout-rule-cec82aea3b81)
- [Object Oriented Tricks: #6 SLAP your functions - Arun Sasidharan](https://hackernoon.com/object-oriented-tricks-6-slap-your-functions-a13d25a7d994)

### Kotlin

## User Interface

### Java

### Kotlin

## Pattern

### Java

### Kotlin

## Architecture

### Java
- [Android and Architecture - Android Developers Blog](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/05/android-and-architecture.html)

### Kotlin

## Library & Plugin

### Java
- [The 30 Coolest Android Libraries from Spring 2017 - Michal Bialas](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/30-new-android-libraries-released-in-the-spring-of-2017-which-deserve-your-attention-faea359a1915)
- [Android Parcelables Made Easy - Caren Chang](https://medium.com/@calren24/android-parcelables-made-easy-acb742bcf96b)

### Kotlin

## Database

### Java
- [Room  -  Getting Started - Tony Owen](https://medium.com/@tonyowen/a-room-with-a-view-getting-started-ec010f9f5448)

### Kotlin

## Networking

### Java

### Kotlin

## Android Things

- [Android Architecture Components meets AndroidThings - Blundell](http://blog.blundellapps.co.uk/android-architecture-components-meets-androidthings/)

## Reactive Programming

### Java

### Kotlin

## Library & Sample Source Code (Github)

### MVP (Model-View-Presenter) Pattern
- [[ Sample ] hello-mvp - quangctkm9207](https://github.com/quangctkm9207/hello-mvp)

### Android Architecture
- [[ Sample ] android-architecture-counter-sample - dlew](https://github.com/dlew/android-architecture-counter-sample)

### Kotlin
- [[ Library ] kotlinpoet - square](https://github.com/square/kotlinpoet)
